Switch to flit (#1527)
theislab/scanpy: docs/installation.rst

its root directory. To install using symbolic links (stay up to date with your
cloned version after you update with `git pull`) call::

    flit install -s --deps=develop  # from an activated venv or conda env
    # or
    flit install -s --deps=develop --python path/to/venv/bin/python

.. _on GitHub: https://github.com/theislab/scanpy

.. note::

>    Due to a `bug in pip`_, using pip’s editable install is more robust than `flit install -s`.
>    Note that this is currently nonstandard behavior and might no longer work once `setup.py` is gone::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Due to a `bug in pip`_, packages installed by `flit` can be uninstalled by normal pip operations.
   For now, you can avoid this by using::
```

I feel like we can be more explicit about what happens, and I don't think "once `setup.py` is gone" is going to make sense to people.
